[18.0][MIG] account_payment_select_account: Migration to 18.0 (#1)
P-H-Phuc/account-payment: account_payment_select_account/README.rst

   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Faccount--payment-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/account-payment/tree/18.0/account_payment_select_account
    :alt: OCA/account-payment
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/account-payment-18-0/account-payment-18-0-account_payment_select_account
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/account-payment&target_branch=18.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

Allow user to select the account on Register Payment of Invoice if the

> default Debit / Credit account is not set in theselected Journal

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Outstanding Receipts / Payment account is not set in the selected Payment Method
```
- There are no Debit / Credit accounts in Journal anymore.
